Always store beer in a dark place. - Lazarus Long
By the data to date, there is only one animal in the Galaxy dangerous to man--man himself. So he must supply his own indispensable competition. He has no enemy to help him. - Lazarus Long
Men are more sentimental than women. It blurs their thinking. - Lazarus Long
Certainly the game is rigged. Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win. - Lazarus Long
Any priest or shaman must be presumed guilty until proved innocent. - Lazarus Long
Always listen to experts. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it! - Lazarus Long
Get a shot off fast. This upsets him long enough to let you make your second shot perfect. - Lazarus Long
There is no conclusive evidence of life after death. But there is no evidence of any sort against it. Soon enough you will know. So why fret about it? - Lazarus Long
If it can't be expressed in figures, it is not science; it is opinion. - Lazarus Long
It has long been known that one horse can run faster than another--but which one? Differences are crucial. - Lazarus Long
A fake fortune teller can be tolerated. But an authentic soothsayer should be shot on sight. Cassandra did not get half the kicking around she deserved . - Lazarus Long
Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth. - Lazarus Long
Most "scientists" are bottle washers and button sorters. - Lazarus Long
A "pacifist male" is a contradiction in terms. Most self-described "pacifists" are not pacific; they simply assume false colors. When the wind changes, they hoist the Jolly Roger. - Lazarus Long
Nursing does not diminish the beauty of a woman's breasts; it enhances their charm by making them look lived in and happy. - Lazarus Long
A generation which ignores history has no past—and no future. - Lazarus Long
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits. - Lazarus Long
What a wonderful world it is that has girls in! - Lazarus Long
Small change can often be found under seat cushions. - Lazarus Long
History does not record anywhere at any time a religion that has any rational basis. Religion is a crutch for people not strong enough to stand up to the unknown without help. But, like dandruff, most people do have a religion and spend time and money on it and seem to derive considerable pleasure from fiddling with it. - Lazarus Long
It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired. - Lazarus Long
If you don't like yourself, you can't like other people. - Lazarus Long
Your enemy is never a villain in his own eyes. Keep this in mind; it may offer a way to make him your friend. If not, you can kill him without hate--and quickly. - Lazarus Long
A motion to adjourn is always in order. - Lazarus Long
No state has an inherent right to survive through conscript troops and, in the long run, no state ever has. Roman matrons used to say to their sons: "Come back with your shield, or on it." Later on this custom declined. So did Rome. - Lazarus Long
Of all the strange "crimes that human beings have legislated out of nothing, "blasphemy" is the most amazing--with "obscenity" and "indecent exposure" fighting it out for second and third place. - Lazarus Long
Cheops' Law: Nothing is ever built on schedule or within budget. - Lazarus Long
It is better to copulate than never. - Lazarus Long
All societies are based on rules to protect pregnant women and young children. All else is surplus age, excrescence, adornment, luxury or folly which can--and must--be dumped in emergency to preserve this prime function. As racial survival is the only universal morality, no other basic is possible. Attempts to formulate a "perfect society" on any foundation other than "women and children first!" is not only witless, it is automatically genocidal. Nevertheless, starry-eyed idealists (all of them male) have tried endlessly--and no doubt will keep on trying. - Lazarus Long
All men are created unequal. - Lazarus Long
Money is a powerful aphrodisiac. But flowers work almost as well. - Lazarus Long
A brute kills for pleasure. A fool kills from hate. - Lazarus Long
There is only one way to console a widow. But remember the risk. - Lazarus Long
When the need arises--and it does--you must be able too shoot your own dog. Don't farm it out--that doesn't make it nicer, it makes it worse. - Lazarus Long
Everything in excess! To enjoy the flavor of life, take big bites. Moderation is for monks. - Lazarus Long
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better still to be a live lion. And usually easier. - Lazarus Long
One man's theology is another man's belly laugh. - Lazarus Long
Sex should be friendly. Otherwise stick to mechanical toys; it's more sanitary. - Lazarus Long
Men rarely (if ever) manage to dream up a God superior to themselves. Most Gods have the manners and morals of a spoiled child. - Lazarus Long
Never appeal to a man's "better nature." He may not have one. Invoking his "self—interest" gives you more leverage. - Lazarus Long
Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse. - Lazarus Long
You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once. - Lazarus Long
Avoid making irrevocable decisions while tired or hungry. N.B.: Circumstances can force your hand. So think ahead! - Lazarus Long
Place your clothes and weapons where you can find them in the dark. - Lazarus Long
An elephant: A mouse built to government specifications. - Lazarus Long
Throughout history, poverty is the normal condition of man. Advances which permit this norm to be exceeded--here and there, now and then--are the work of an extremely small minority, frequently despised, often condemned, and almost always opposed by all right-thinking people. Whenever this tiny minority is kept from creating, or (as sometimes happens) is driven out of a society, the people then slip back into abject poverty. This is known as "bad luck." - Lazarus Long
In a mature society, "civil servant" is semantically equal to "civil master." - Lazarus Long
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere. - Lazarus Long
A woman is not property, and husbands who think otherwise are living in a dreamworld. - Lazarus Long
The second best thing about space travel is that the distances involved make war very difficult, usually impractical, and almost always unnecessary. This is probably a loss for most people, since war is our races most popular diversion, one which gives purpose and color to dull and stupid lives. But it is a great boon to the intelligent man who fights only when he must--never for sport. - Lazarus Long
A zygote is a gamete's way of producing more gamete's. This may be the purpose of the universe. - Lazarus Long
There are hidden contradictions within the minds of people who "love nature" while deploring the "artificialities" with which "Man has spoiled Nature." The obvious contradiction lies in their choice of words, which imply that Man and his artifacts are not part of "Nature"--but beavers and their damns are. But the contradictions go deeper than this prima-facie absurdity. In declaring his love for a beaver damn (erected by beavers for beaver's purposes) and his hatred for dams erected by men (for the purpose of men) the "Naturist" reveals his hatred for his own race--i.e., his own self-hatred. In the case of "Naturists" such self—hatred is understandable; they are such a sorry lot. But hatred is too strong an emotion to feel toward them; pity and contempt are the most they rate. As for me, willy-nilly I am a man, not a beaver, and H. Sapiens is the only race I have or can have. Fortunately for me, I like being part of a race made up of men and women-- it strikes me as a fine arrangement and perfectly "natural." Believe it or not, there were "Naturists" who opposed the first flight to old Earth's Moon as being "unnatural" and a "despoiling of nature." - Lazarus Long
No man is an island--" Much as we may feel and act as individuals, our race is a single organism, always growing and branching--which must be pruned regularly to be healthy. This necessity need not be argued; anyone with eyes can see that any organism which grows without limit always dies within its own poisons. The only rational question is whether pruning is best done before or after birth. Being an incurable sentimentalist I favor the former of these methods--killing makes me queasy, even when it's a case of "He's dead and I'm alive and that's the way I wanted it to be." But this may be a matter of taste. Some shamans think that it is better to be killed in a war, or to die in childbirth, or to starve in misery, than never to have lived at all. They may be right. But I don't have to like it--and I don't. - Lazarus Long
Democracy is based on the assumption that a million men are wiser than one man. How's that again? I missed something. - Lazarus Long
Autocracy is based on the assumption that one man is wiser than a million men. Let's play that over again, too. Who decides? - Lazarus Long
Any government will work if authority and responsibility are equal and coordinate. This does not insure "good" government; it simply insures that it will work. But such governments are rare--most people want to run things but want no part of the blame. This used to be called the "backseat-driver syndrome." - Lazarus Long
What are the facts? Again and again and again-what are the facts? Shun wishful thinking, ignore divine revelation, forget what "the stars foretell," avoid opinion, care not what the neighbors think, never mind the unguessable "verdict of history"--what are the facts, and to how many decimal places? You pilot always into an unknown future; facts are your single clue. Get the facts! - Lazarus Long
God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent-it says so right here on the label. If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you. No checks, please. Cash and in small bills. - Lazarus Long
Courage is the compliment of fear. A man who is fearless cannot be courageous. (He is also a fool.) - Lazarus Long
The two highest achievements of the human mind are the twin concepts of "loyalty" and "duty." Whenever these twin concepts fall into disrepute--get out of there fast. You may possibly save yourself, but it is too late to save that society. It is doomed. - Lazarus Long
People who go broke in a big way never miss any meals. It is the poor jerk who is shy half a slug who must tighten his belt. - Lazarus Long
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with it's credibility. And vice versa. - Lazarus Long
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best he is a tolerable sub-human who has learned to wear shoes, bathe, and not make messes in the house. - Lazarus Long
Moving parts in rubbing contact require lubrication to avoid excessive wear. Honorifics and formal politeness provide lubrication where people rub together. Often the very young, the untraveled, the naive, the unsophisticated deplore these formalities as "empty," "meaningless," or "dishonest," and scorn to use them. No matter how "pure" their motives, they thereby throw sand into machinery that does not work too well at best. - Lazarus Long
A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects! - Lazarus Long
The more you love, the more you can love--and the more intensely you love. Nor is there any limit on how many you can love. If a person had Time Enough, he could Love all of the majority who are decent and just. - Lazarus Long
Masturbation is cheap, clean, convenient, and free of any possibility of wrong-doing--and you don't have to go home in the cold. But it's lonely. - Lazarus Long
Beware of altrusim. It is based on self-deception, the root of all evil. - Lazarus Long
If tempted by something that feels "altruistic" examine your motives and root out that self-deception. Then, if you still want to do it, wallow in it! - Lazarus Long
The most preposterous notion that H. Sapiens has ever dreamed up is that the Lord God of Creation, Shaper and Ruler of all the Universes, wants the saccharine adoration of His creatures, can be swayed by their prayers, and becomes petulant if He does not receive this flattery. Yet this absurd fantasy, without a shred of evidence to bolster it, pays all the expenses of the oldest, largest, and least productive industry in all of history. - Lazarus Long
The second most preposterous notion is that copulation is inherently sinful. - Lazarus Long
Writing is not necessarily something to be ashamed of--but do it in private and wash your hands afterwards. - Lazarus Long
$100 placed at 7% interest compounded quarterly for 200 years will increase to more than $100,000,000--by which time it will be worth nothing. - Lazarus Long
Dear, don't bore him with trivia or burden him with your past mistakes. The happiest way to deal with a man is never to tell him anything he does not need to know. - Lazarus Long
Darling, a true lady takes off her dignity with her clothes and does her whorish best. At other times you can be as modest and dignified as your persona requires. - Lazarus Long
Everybody lies about sex. - Lazarus Long
If men were the automatons that behaviorists claim they are, the behaviorist psychologists could not have invented the amazing nonsense called "behaviorist psychology." So they are wrong from scratch--as clever and as wrong as phlogiston chemists. - Lazarus Long
The shamans are forever yacking about their snake-oil "miracles." I prefer the real McCoy--a pregnant woman. - Lazarus Long
If the universe has any purpose more important than topping the woman you love and making a baby with her hearty help, I've never heard of it. - Lazarus Long
Thou shalt remember the 11th commandment and keep it Wholly. - Lazarus Long
A touchstone to determine the actual worth of an "intellectual"--find out how he feels about astrology. - Lazarus Long
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed. - Lazarus Long
There is no such thing as "Social Gambling". Either you are there to cut the other blokes heart out and eat it--or you're a sucker. If you don't like this choice--don't gamble. - Lazarus Long
When a ship lifts, all bills are paid. No regrets. - Lazarus Long
The first time I was a drill' instructor I was too inexperienced for the job--the things I taught those lads must have got some of them killed. War is too serious a matter to be taught by the inexperienced. - Lazarus Long
A competent and self confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything. Jealousy is invariably a symptom of neurotic insecurity. - Lazarus Long
Money is the sincerest of all flattery. Women love to be flattered. So do men. - Lazarus Long
You live and learn or you don't live long. - Lazarus Long
Whenever women have insisted on absolute equality with men, they have invariably wound up on the dirty end of the stick. What they are and what they can do makes them superior to men, and their proper tactic is to demand special privileges, all the traffic will bear. They should never settle merely for equality. For women, "equality" is a disaster. - Lazarus Long
Peace is an extension of war by political means. Plenty of elbowroom is pleasanter--and much safer. - Lazarus Long
One man's "magic" is another man's engineering. "Supernatural" is a null word. - Lazarus Long
The phrase "we (I) (you) simply must--"designates something that need not be done. "That goes without saying" is a red warning. "Of course" means you had best check it yourself. These small--change cliches and others like them, when read correctly, are reliable channel markers. - Lazarus Long
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy. - Lazarus Long
Rub her feet. - Lazarus Long
If you happen to be one of the fretful who can do creative work, never force an idea; you'll abort it if you do. Be patient and you'll give birth to it when the time is ripe. Learn to wait. - Lazarus Long
Never crowd youngsters about their private affairs--sex especially. When they are growing up they are nerve ends all over, and resent (quite properly) any invasions of their privacy. Oh sure, they'll make mistakes--but that's their business, not yours. (You made your own mistakes, did you not?) - Lazarus Long
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity!  - Lazarus Long
Always tell her she is beautiful, especially if she is not. - Lazarus Long
If you are part of a society that votes, then do so. There may be no candidates and no measures you want to vote for...but there are certain to be ones you want to vote against. In case of doubt, vote against. By this rule you will rarely go wrong. If this is too blind for your taste, consult some well-meaning fool (there is always one around) and ask his advice. Then vote the other way. This enables you to be a good citizen (if such is your wish) without spending the enormous amount of time on it that truly intelligent exercise of franchise requires. - Lazarus Long
Sovereign ingredient for a happy marriage: Pay cash or do without. Interest charges not only eat up a household budget; awareness of debt eats up domestic felicity. - Lazarus Long
Those who refuse to support and defend a state have no claim to protection by that state. Killing an anarchist or a pacifist should not be defined as "murder" in a legalistic sense. The offense against the state, if any, should be "Using deadly weapons inside city limits," or "Creating a traffic hazard," or "Endangering bystanders," or other misdemeanor. However, the state may reasonably place a closed season on these exotic asocial animals whenever they are in danger of becoming extinct. An authentic buck pacifist has rarely been seen off Earth, and it is doubtful that any have survived the trouble there...regrettable, as they had the biggest mouths and the smallest brains of any of the primates. The small-mouthed variety of anarchist has spread through the Galaxy at the very wave front of the Diaspora; there is no need to protect them. But they often shoot back. - Lazarus Long
Another ingredient for a happy marriage: Budget the luxuries first! - Lazarus Long
And still another-- See to it that she has her own desk--then keep your hands off it! - Lazarus Long
And another--In a family argument, if it turns out you are right--apologize at once! - Lazarus Long
"God split himself into a myriad parts that he might have friends." This may not be true, but it sounds good--and is no sillier than any other theology. - Lazarus Long
To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods. - Lazarus Long
Does history record any case in which the majority was right? - Lazarus Long
When the fox gnaws--smile! - Lazarus Long
A "critic" is a man who creates nothing and thereby feels qualified to judge the work of creative men. There is logic in this; he is unbiased—he hates all creative, people equally. - Lazarus Long
Money is truthful. If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash. - Lazarus Long
Never frighten a little man. He'll kill you. - Lazarus Long
Only a sadistic scoundrel--or a fool--tells the bald truth on social occasions. - Lazarus Long
This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his mother's side. I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry often have little else to sustain them. Humoring them costs nothing and adds to happiness in a world in which happiness is always in short supply. - Lazarus Long
In handling a stinging insect, move very slowly. - Lazarus Long
To be "matter of fact" about the world is to blunder into fantasy--and dull fantasy at that, as the real world is strange and wonderful. - Lazarus Long
The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science requires reasoning, while those other subjects merely require scholarship. Copulation is spiritual in essence--or it is merely friendly exercise. On second thought, strike out "merely." Copulation is not "merely"--even when it is just a happy pastime for two strangers. But copulation at its spiritual best is so much more than physical coupling that it is different in kind as well as in degree. The saddest feature of homosexuality is not that it is "wrong" or "sinful" or even that it can't lead to progeny--but that it is more difficult to reach through it this spiritual union. Not impossible--but the cards are stacked against it. But most sorrowfully--many people never achieve spiritual sharing even with the help of male-female advantage; they are condemned to wander through life alone. - Lazarus Long
Touch is the most fundamental sense. A baby experiences it, all over, before he is born and long before he learns to use sight, hearing, or taste, and no human ever ceases to need it. Keep your children short on pocket money--but long on hugs. - Lazarus Long
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny. - Lazarus Long
The greatest productive force is human selfishness. - Lazarus Long
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors--and miss. - Lazarus Long
The profession of shaman has many advantages. It offers high status with a safe livelihood free of work in the dreary, sweaty sense. In most societies it offers legal privileges and immunities not granted to other men. But it is hard to see how a man who has been given a mandate from on High to spread tidings of joy to all mankind can be seriously interested in taking up a collection to pay his salary; it causes one to suspect that the shaman is on the moral level of any other man. But it's lovely work if you can stomach it. - Lazarus Long
A whore should be judged by the same criteria as other, professionals offering services for pay--such as dentists, lawyers, hairdressers, physicians, plumbers, etc. Is she professionally competent? Does she give good measure? Is she honest with her clients? It is possible that the percentage of honest and competent whores is higher than that of plumbers and much higher than that of lawyers. And enormously higher than that of professors. - Lazarus Long
Minimize your therbligs until it becomes automatic; this doubles your effective lifetime--and thereby gives time to enjoy butterflies and kittens and rainbows. - Lazarus Long
Have you noticed how much they look like orchids? Lovely! - Lazarus Long
Expertise in one field does not carry over into other fields. But experts often think so. The narrower their field of knowledge the more likely they are to think so. - Lazarus Long
Never try to out stubborn a cat - Lazarus Long
Tilting at windmills hurts you more than the windmills. - Lazarus Long
Yield to temptation, it may not pass your way again - Lazarus Long
Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime. For a first offense, that is. - Lazarus Long
"Go to hell!" or other insult direct is all the answer a snoopy question rates. - Lazarus Long
The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course It is none of my business but--" is to place a period after the word "but." Don't use excessive force in supplying such moron with a period. Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about. - Lazarus Long
A man does not insist on physical beauty in a woman who builds up his morale. After a while he realizes that she is beautiful--he just hadn't noticed it at first. - Lazarus Long
A skunk is better company than a person who prides himself on being "frank." - Lazarus Long
"All's fair in love and war"--what a contemptible lie! - Lazarus Long
Beware of the "Black Swan" fallacy. Deductive logic is tautological; there is no way to get a new truth out of it, and it manipulates false statements as readily as true ones. If you fail to remember this, it can trip you--with perfect logic. The designers of the earliest computers called this the "Gigo Law," i.e., "Garbage in, garbage out." - Lazarus Long
Inductive logic is much more difficult --but can produce new truths. - Lazarus Long
A "practical joker" deserves applause for his wit according to its quality. Bastinado. For exception wit one might grant keelhauling. But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest. - Lazarus Long
Natural laws have no pity. - Lazarus Long
On the planet Tranquille around KM849 (G-O) lives a little animal known as a "knafn." It is herbivorous and has no natural enemies and is easily approached and may be petted --sort of a six-legged puppy with scales. Stroking it is very pleasant; it wiggles its pleasure and broadcasts euphoria in some band that humans can detect. It's worth the trip. Someday some bright boy will figure out how to record this broadcast, then some smart boy will see commercial angles--and not long after that it will be regulated and taxed. In the meantime I have faked that name and catalog number; it is several thousand light-years off in another direction. Selfish of me-- - Lazarus Long
Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite. - Lazarus Long
Take care of the cojones and the frijoles will take care of themselves. Try to have getaway money--but don't be fanatic about it. - Lazarus Long
If "everybody knows" such-and-such, then it ain't so, by at least ten thousand to one. - Lazarus Long
Political tags--such as royalist, communist, democrat, populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and. so forth--are never basic criteria. The human race divides politically into those who want people to be controlled and those who have no such desire. The former are idealists acting from highest motives for the greatest good of the greatest number. The latter are surly curmudgeons, suspicious and lacking in altruism. But they are more comfortable neighbors than the other sort. - Lazarus Long
All cats are not gray after midnight. Endless variety-- - Lazarus Long
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other sins are invented nonsense. (Hurting yourself is not sinful--just stupid.) - Lazarus Long
Being generous is inborn; being altruistic is a learned perversity. No resemblance-- - Lazarus Long
It is impossible for a man to love his wife wholeheartedly without loving all women somewhat. I suppose that the converse must be true of women. - Lazarus Long
You can go wrong by being too skeptical as readily as by being too trusting. - Lazarus Long
Formal courtesy between husband and wife is even more important than it is between strangers. - Lazarus Long
Anything free is worth what you pay for it. - Lazarus Long
Don't store garlic near other victuals. - Lazarus Long
Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get. - Lazarus Long
Pessimist by policy, optimist by temperament--it is possible to be both. How? By never taking an unnecessary chance and by minimizing risks you can't avoid. This permits you to play the game happily, untroubled by the certainty of the outcome. - Lazarus Long
Do not confuse "duty" with what other people expect of you; they are utterly different. Duty is a debt you owe yourself to fulfill obligations you have assumed voluntarily. Paying that debt can entail anytbing from years of patient work to instant willingness to die. Difficult it may be, but the reward is self-respect. But there is no reward at all for doing what other people expect of you, and to do so is not merely difficult, but impossible. It is easier to deal with a footpad than it is with the leech who wants "just a few minutes of your time, please--this won't take long." Time is your total capital, and the minutes of your life are painfully few. If you allow yourself to fall into the vice of agreeing to such requests, they quickly snowball to the point where these parasites will use up 100 percent of your time--and squawk for more! So learn to say No--and to be rude about it when necessary. Otherwise you will not have time to carry out your duty, or to do your own work, and certainly no time for love and happiness. The termites will nibble away your life and leave none of it for you. (This rule does not mean that you must not do a favor for a friend, or even a stranger. But let the choice be yours. Don't do it because it is "expected" of you.) - Lazarus Long
"I came, I saw, she conquered." (The original Latin seems to have been garbled.) - Lazarus Long
A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain. - Lazarus Long
Animals can be driven crazy by placing too many in too small a pen. Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself. - Lazarus Long
Don't try to have the last word. You might get it.  - Lazarus Long
#Albert Einstein
"Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius -- and a lot of courage -- to move in the opposite direction." - A. Einstein
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." - A. Einstein
"Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love." - A. Einstein
"I want to know God's thoughts; the rest are details." - A. Einstein
"The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax." - A. Einstein
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one." - A. Einstein
"The only real valuable thing is intuition." - A. Einstein
"A person starts to live when he can live outside himself." - A. Einstein
"I am convinced that He (God) does not play dice." - A. Einstein
"God is subtle but he is not malicious." - A. Einstein
"Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character." - A. Einstein
"I never think of the future. It comes soon enough." - A. Einstein
"The eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility." - A. Einstein
"Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing." - A. Einstein
"Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind." - A. Einstein
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new." - A. Einstein
"Great spirits have often encountered violent opposition from weak minds." - A. Einstein
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." - A. Einstein
"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen." - A. Einstein
"Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it." - A. Einstein
"The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources." - A. Einstein
"The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education." - A. Einstein
"God does not care about our mathematical difficulties. He integrates empirically." - A. Einstein
"The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking." - A. Einstein
"Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal." - A. Einstein
"Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding." - A. Einstein
"The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible." - A. Einstein
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." - A. Einstein
"Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school." - A. Einstein
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." - A. Einstein
"Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater." - A. Einstein
"Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity." - A. Einstein
"If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut." - A. Einstein
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the the universe." - A. Einstein
"As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality." - A. Einstein
"Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods." - A. Einstein
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." - A. Einstein
"In order to form an immaculate member of a flock of sheep one must, above all, be a sheep." - A. Einstein
"The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead." - A. Einstein
"Too many of us look upon Americans as dollar chasers. This is a cruel libel, even if it is reiterated thoughtlessly by the Americans themselves." - A. Einstein
"Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism -- how passionately I hate them!" - A. Einstein
"No, this trick won't work...How on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love?" - A. Einstein
"My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind." - A. Einstein
"Yes, we have to divide up our time like that, between our politics and our equations. But to me our equations are far more important, for politics are only a matter of present concern. A mathematical equation stands forever." - A. Einstein
"The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking...the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker." - A. Einstein
"Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities. The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence." - A. Einstein
"The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and all science. He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead: his eyes are closed." - A. Einstein
"A man's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeeded be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death." - A. Einstein
"The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving after rational knowledge." - A. Einstein
"Now he has departed from this strange world a little ahead of me. That means nothing. People like us, who believe in physics, know that the distinction between past, present, and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion." - A. Einstein
"You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat. You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles. Do you understand this? And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they receive them there. The only difference is that there is no cat." - A. Einstein
"One had to cram all this stuff into one's mind for the examinations, whether one liked it or not. This coercion had such a deterring effect on me that, after I had passed the final examination, I found the consideration of any scientific problems distasteful to me for an entire year." - A. Einstein
"...one of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life with its painful crudity and hopeless dreariness, from the fetters of one's own ever-shifting desires. A finely tempered nature longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective perception and thought." - A. Einstein
"He who joyfully marches to music rank and file, has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would surely suffice. This disgrace to civilization should be done away with at once. Heroism at command, how violently I hate all this, how despicable and ignoble war is; I would rather be torn to shreds than be a part of so base an action. It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder." - A. Einstein
"A human being is a part of a whole, called by us _universe_, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest... a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty." - A. Einstein
"Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts." (Sign hanging in Einstein's office at Princeton) - A. Einstein
#Some stuff
Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a minute, but set him on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.
War doesn't determine who's right. War determines who's left.
It's your god. They're your rules. *You* go to hell.
I once prayed to god for a bike, but quickly found out he didnt work that way...so I stole a bike and prayed for his forgiveness
If pro is opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?
My god carries a hammer. Your god died nailed to a tree. Any questions?
Sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them.
If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you lack sufficient imagination.
A train station is where the train stops. A bus station is where the bus stops. On my desk, I have a work station...
You can't be late until you show up.
Knowledge is realizing that the street is one-way, wisdom is looking both directions anyway
Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up.
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian.
A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources
books have knowledge, knowledge is power, power corrupts, corruption is a crime, and crime doesn't pay..so if you keep reading, you'll go broke
Advice for the day: If you have a headache, do what it says on the aspirin bottle: Take two, and KEEP AWAY FROM CHILDREN.
Positive thinking will get you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Take the first step in faith. You do not have to know the whole staircase, just take the first step. - a quote by Martin Luther King Jr.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value.
Inspiration and genius - one and the same.
Every artist was once an amateur.
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
Best way out is always through.
Quality is remembered long after the price is forgotten.
If we wait for the moment, when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.
I have not failed, I have just found ten thousand ways that do not work.
Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were big things.
Failure is taking the path that everyone else takes, success is making your own path.
Whether you think you can or whether you think you cannot, you are right.
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. –Kevin Kruse
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. -Albert Einstein
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.  -Robert Frost
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. -Florence Nightingale
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. -Michael Jordan
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. -Amelia Earhart
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. -Babe Ruth
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. -W. Clement Stone
We must balance conspicuous consumption with conscious capitalism. -Kevin Kruse
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon
We become what we think about. -Earl Nightingale
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. -Mark Twain
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. -Charles Swindoll
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. -Alice Walker
The mind is everything. What you think you become.  -Buddha
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. -Chinese Proverb
An unexamined life is not worth living. -Socrates
Eighty percent of success is showing up. -Woody Allen
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. -Steve Jobs
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. -Christopher Columbus
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding  Proverbs 3:5
Start children off on the way they should go, and even when they are old they will not turn from it.  Proverbs 22:6
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and instruction.  Proverbs 1:7
A wife of noble character who can find? She is worth far more than rubies.  Proverbs 31:10
There is a way that appears to be right, but in the end it leads to death.  Proverbs 14:12
Above all else, guard your heart, for everything you do flows from it.  Proverbs 4:23
Every word of God is flawless; he is a shield to those who take refuge in him.  Proverbs 30:5
As iron sharpens iron, so one person sharpens another.  Proverbs 27:17
Where there is no revelation, people cast off restraint; but blessed are those who heed wisdom's instruction.  Proverbs 29:18
For he is the kind of person who is always thinking about the cost. Eat and drink, he says to you, but his heart is not with you.  Proverbs 23:7
For receiving instruction in prudent behavior, doing what is right and just and fair  Proverbs 1:3
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom, and knowledge of the Holy One is understanding.  Proverbs 9:10
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.  Proverbs 17:22
There are six things the LORD hates, seven that are detestable to him:  Proverbs 6:16
For giving prudence to those who are simple, knowledge and discretion to the young –  Proverbs 1:4
Those who conceal their sins do not prosper, but those who confess and renounce them find mercy.  Proverbs 28:13
Commit to the LORD whatever you do, and he will establish your plans.  Proverbs 16:3
In their hearts human beings plan their course, but the LORD establishes their steps.  Proverbs 16:9
Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall.  Proverbs 16:18
A gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.  Proverbs 15:1
Those who spare the rod hate their children, but those who love them are careful to discipline them.  Proverbs 13:24
A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for a time of adversity.  Proverbs 17:17
Honor the LORD with your wealth, with the firstfruits of all your crops  Proverbs 3:9
The highway of the upright avoids evil; those who guard their ways preserve their lives.  Proverbs 16:17
For understanding proverbs and parables, the sayings and riddles of the wise.  Proverbs 1:6
The beginning of wisdom is this: Get wisdom. Though it cost all you have, get understanding.  Proverbs 4:7
Get wisdom, get understanding; do not forget my words or turn away from them.  Proverbs 4:5
My son, do not forget my teaching, but keep my commands in your heart  Proverbs 3:1
Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting; but a woman who fears the LORD is to be praised.  Proverbs 31:30
To the discerning all of them are right; they are upright to those who have found knowledge.  Proverbs 8:9
In all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight.  Proverbs 3:6
My son, if you accept my words and store up my commands within you  Proverbs 2:1
The LORD brought me forth as the first of his works, before his deeds of old;  Proverbs 8:22
The tongue has the power of life and death, and those who love it will eat its fruit.  Proverbs 18:21
Go to the ant, you sluggard; consider its ways and be wise!  Proverbs 6:6
Indeed, if you call out for insight and cry aloud for understanding  Proverbs 2:3
One who has unreliable friends soon comes to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.  Proverbs 18:24
Wine is a mocker and beer a brawler; whoever is led astray by them is not wise.  Proverbs 20:1
Listen, my son, to your father's instruction and do not forsake your mother's teaching.  Proverbs 1:8
If they say, Come along with us; let's lie in wait for innocent blood, let's ambush some harmless soul;  Proverbs 1:11
Those who have no sense deride their neighbors, but those who have understanding hold their tongues.  Proverbs 11:12
Many are the plans in a human heart, but it is the LORD's purpose that prevails.  Proverbs 19:21
In the LORD's hand the king's heart is a stream of water that he channels toward all who please him.  Proverbs 21:1
He who finds a wife finds what is good and receives favor from the LORD.  Proverbs 18:22
It has no commander, no overseer or ruler  Proverbs 6:7
Blessed are those who find wisdom, those who gain understanding  Proverbs 3:13
The rich rule over the poor, and the borrower is slave to the lender.  Proverbs 22:7
Let's swallow them alive, like the grave, and whole, like those who go down to the pit  Proverbs 1:12
Better a little with the fear of the LORD than great wealth with turmoil.  Proverbs 15:16
A good name is more desirable than great riches; to be esteemed is better than silver or gold.  Proverbs 22:1

